I'm here with two of those responsible
the realization of this beautiful event the
Fernando will tell me how he is.
being this event the accomplishment of it with
Grows up when it 's for us, it really is.
being a fantastic event, right?
It's a very big job for us.
but the result is
fantastic, so we get a lot
happy and thank the audience and the breeze
It was for this opportunity you're alone.
beginning has much more good thing for v
this is what it's like to sleep nights
lost white hair but we look
and you see it's worth it, I just have to
to thank the opportunity that the
unemployment breeze and colleagues pt
wonderful that we end up getting
easy to work and experience this synergy
It makes us have this job.
beautiful and this result only here a
touch nutritionist luana flowers she who
today starts the official partnership between
sad fleku a space also the year
flowers tell us about this
partnership
I'm very happy, huh and honored.
is flattering today by announcing and
formalizing this partnership between flex
nutrition ana print space
flowers and comes to add a lot because the flex
is a large network our largest network
today and has excellent supplements and
today with this partnership I can give the
best for my patients prescription
of the best supplements or better
better treatment condition in addition to
everything today flex nutrition her
represents and is part of my Ana channel
flôres tv that is a channel that today is
sponsored by flex and gives us
condition of bringing greater knowledge and
understanding for ordinary people
about this world of supplementation
physical exercise and healthy life style
and besides everything is now more
cheap magazine's list of teams
which way I got this opportunity
also wrote for the great magazine
Grand daugther
there's no way cover the music Andretta
An address is a darling, we've already become
friends and fantastic just enter
in this magazine that in this third edition
that is advance and I am very flattered
just bear today as a columnist
counting on people from the elite of Brazil
So it's obvious then that I'm there.
between these names only leaves me very
happy and happy with the progress of your
partnership
I'm here with the patrícia spada part
tell us how it was to do this
wonderful essay for the magazine with
team but I loved the magazine the
end result was wonderful, I
I have always followed the work of the
cardinal Christian, including his
and I have always admired and really
Flex work with him surprised me.
I loved the result I really was
very surprised at the quality of the
columns with the edition of the
photographs a super complete magazine and
It's a fight here and I'm sure that in
canvas on hand will like what is beyond
of the event is very content and
quality as was the championship
Brazilian curious whole world is right
Brazilian championship was the
of a dream was already competing for two
years and this was the second championship
Brazilian
I already got the title of champion then
It was a year that I joined the team
of flec and was also the year that the
purpose of my greatest achievements
taboo to find here also the doctor
samuel of elastic is one of the columnists
life fitness magazine he will tell you
What did he think of this new edition?
I just received the magazine I gave
one look and it will be another one of the
magazines that will be part of the room
waiting for an office where people
there are four or five signatures and
incredible as it always seems to be.
flex magazine that ends up being the most
read by my patients is a journal
which is also full of information
on the most varied themes and always
with a very easy language to
understand for anyone to understand the
I'm not going to retire and give a
My column that I wrote I want to see
and really stayed on the level of the other
last two of the magazines
I tried to make it the easiest
possible reading that ten people
they understand what is free radical what is the
oxidative stress what is an antioxidant
which is a very frequent question of the
office here so for those who did not read
I still recommend reading the
column fixed and meant bob bob
it's me and alessandro gamboa that was him and
That's why he became a goat and the love that
no two and then more in front and
the francisco iuv arrived and today we are
more or less 78 components in fact
We attend condominiums academies and
everything is where you have a student
pretend people will understand why
wherever you are
our goal is to produce activity
physics that people do more
physical activity and service
always looking for a
quality care